Feasiablity Study 

Existing examples 

http://www.easymoza.com/

Completed on 20/8/2018

Application Flow 

1) Home Page

	1.1) Looks quite User Frendly
	1.2) As with mosaically button on page that links user to create a mosaic - button is in the same fashion
		being displayed in page body rather than a link the header
	1.3) Embedded youtube video on the home page, likely instruction on how to use app, or an introductory 
		video to the application
	1.4) Informatative information about the site is displyed on the page further down
		only really shows a specific selection of information doesn't overwhelm the home page.
	1.5) Header page on the page not styled corerctly. Differnt tabs on page aren't distinctive and obvious at first glace.
		
2) Select the main photo
	2.1) This operation is also spilt into three steps like mosacially.com
	2.2) Only option available initally is select photo
		This open a dialog and select where to chose image from 
		Unlike moscailly also ofers example photos
		2.2.1) Check select from own file which opens file explorer and has same functionality as mosaclly.com
	2.3) Once image selected two options become enabled settings and continue
		2.3.1) Settings opens a dialog with the following ajustable settings :
			Number of cells, Colour adjustment, Tile border, Tile images, Double distance.
			Each has button next to text box which dispalys more info about the setting.
	2.4) At bottem of page is more info such as snapshot of customer reviews and links to the apps social media.
	2.5) Lots of info also on the page, appears as if to much really and could do with reducing down.
		
3) Select photos
	3.1) Should have more info what these phots theses are i.e there the phots that will make up the image 
		Is info to the side but as with point 2.5 lots of written text to describe function of page.
	3.2) Same stucrure in terms of overall page layout and the operation that is completes on this page has the same structure as the previous page.
	3.3) Also has example images which are large collections of images.
		The way to selct these image is quite convinent and clear to do.
	3.4) Attempted to select files from file browser and images where to small but error handling not cleanly displayed.
	3.5) Once images have been imported can view them from within the app within a small box, 
	can only see a small numbber at a time really doesn't serve much purpose just first glance 
	that correct images ahve been imported.
	3.6) Can click on create moscaic from this screen which goes to the last step and starts the operation
	
4) Create mosaic
	4.1) Takes a while for the opartion to complete
		Progress bar is displayed while the operation is ongoing and a please wait message
	4.2) Once complete the operation presents options to print the image in different resloutions
	4.3) Once complete offers option to download or share online
	4.4) Once complete offers option to add after effects pops up similar menu to point 2.3.1
	
	

5) Extra Features
	5.1) Once mosaic created in header bar can view all mosacic that you have created
		and some details about ow it was created and timeer to when you can no longer access it.
	5.2) Can create an account likely be so you can peramantly save mosaci or acces them from differtn locations
	5.3) Examples tab similar to something in mosacially.
	5.4) Option to create a video of the mosaic, just seems to be a video with a transition effect being abled to the image.